SPIKE: e2e refactor (#1591)
osmosis-labs/osmosis: tests/e2e/README.md

future by providing an older Osmosis version to the container,
performing the chain upgrade, and running the latest test suite.

The file `e2e_suite_test.go` defines the testing suite and contains the
core bootstrapping logic that creates a testing environment via Docker
containers. A testing network is created dynamically with 2 test
validators.

The file `e2e_test.go` contains the actual end-to-end integration tests
that utilize the testing suite.

Currently, there is a single IBC test in `e2e_test.go`.

Additionally, there is an ability to disable certain components
of the e2e suite. This can be done by setting the environment
variables. See "Environment variables" section below for more details.

## How It Works

Conceptually, we can split the e2e setup into 2 parts:

> 1. Chain Initialization
> 
>     This part can either be local or with the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Chain Initialization

    The chain can either be initailized off of the current branch, or off the prior mainnet release and then upgraded to the current branch.
```

I suggest we rename local to -> current branch throughout (based off Adam's comment)

Reviewer: or indicate in this first line that this is what we mean by local

> 

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if calling this "local or with the upgrade" would make a ton of sense to someone who hasn't been involved with this project from the start. Maybe we could say "either be initialized with your local changes, or be initialized with the previous osmosis version and then upgraded to your locally compiled version". I know you eventually get to this point, but this sentence had me reading it a couple of times before I realized what we meant.

    If local, we run chain initialization locally
    by calling `chain.Init(...)` method in the `local_configurer.go`

    If with the upgrade, the same `chain.Init(...)` function is run on a Docker container
    of the previous Osmosis version, inside `upgrade_configurer.go`. This is
    needed to initialize chain configs and the genesis of the previous version that
    we are upgrading from.

    The decision of what configuration type to use is decided by the `Configurer`.
    This is an interface that has `LocalConfigurer` and `UpgradeConfigurer` implementations.

    When the desired configurer is created, the caller may
    configure the chain in the desired way as follows:

    ```go
    conf, _ := configurer.New(...)

    conf.ConfigureChains()

>     ```

Reviewer 2: Are we able to expand on this example? How do I choose between local vs upgrade?

Author: Done!

2. Setting up e2e components

    Currently, there exist the following components:

    - Base logic
    - This is the most basic type of setup where a single chain is created
    - It simply spins up the desired number of validators on a chain.
    - IBC testing
    - 2 chains are created connected by Hermes relayer
    - Upgrade Testing
    - 2 chains of the older Osmosis version are created, and
    connected by Hermes relayer
    - CLI commands are run to create an upgrade proposal and approve it
    - Old version containers are stopped and the upgrade binary is added
    - Local codebase Osmosis version is spun up to continue with testing
    - State Sync Testing (WIP)
    - An additional full node is created after a chain has started.

>     This node is meant to state sync with the rest of the system.

Reviewer 2: I think the formatting got messed up here should be like:
- Base Logic
  - This is the most basic type of setup where a single chain is created
  - ...
- IBC Testing
